## Integer Operations (Functions)
- Write a program that uses a random number generator to generate a
two-digit positive integer and allows the user to perform one or more of
the following operations:
- a. Double the number.
- b. Reverse the digits of the number.
- c. Raise the number to the power of 2, 3, or 4.
- d. Sum the digits of the number.
- e. If the number is a two-digit number, then raise the first digit 
to the power of the second digit.
- f. If the number is a three-digit number and the last digit is less
than or equal to 4, then raise the first two digits to the power of
the last digit.
- After performing an operation if the number is less than 10, add
10 to the number. Also, after each operation, determine if the
number is prime. Each successive operation should be performed
on the number generated by the last operation. Your program
should not contain any global variables and each of these
operations must be implemented by a separate function. Also, your program should be menu-driven.
`Additional Instructions:`
- Create an enumeration type with the name selection containing values
corresponding to each of the menu items. Compare the enum values
with the input entered by the user to determine which operation to call. Operations a-c should be implemented as void functions. Use typedef to 
define an alias for the int data type, which would be used in the
declaration of the random two-digit integer variable.
`Note:` Extra marks would be awarded for the implementation of any
concepts taught or discovered other than those explicitly stated in the
lab instructions. All extra work should be clearly indicated in a file
named bonus.txt
